Hello and welcome again.
So no we're going to discover another future of the VM world.
That's Cullin do cloning.
If you remember from the previous course of the VM where we spend we ever do cloning but we cover a
specific kind of clone that's valid for clone because in the preview calls we didn't call it a snapshot.
So the other future or the other kind of clone that's got that link is cloning is in relation about
two snapshots.
You can't understand the link it can run if you don't know how the snapshot work.
So for that we cover all the information about cloning the config file a different operating system
etc..
And no we're going to recover a little about Falconi and we'll talk about the link good.
So what is do.
VM Kroon if you remember do them clone It's like a peek and post of a virtual machine you have a virtual
machine.
The operating system as started inside is the application necessary etc. and you want to create a virtual
machine with the same operating system with say obligation but you want only to make some small editing
inside it to use it in the service.
In this situation you don't need to create on your virtual machine from the beginner you are studying
the operations at them and so on and so on.
You simply ignore the original Vitry and machine to another virtual machine and make it it in and head
as it's a new virtual machine and ready for use as quick as possible.
In this situation we Khaled's our fall Clun because we could be and both do virtual machine completely
and we create anew separated virtual machine.
So we have to fall clone.
That is the default one.
We have the virtual machine.
We put it into cron task onto this copied new independent virtual machine we create a new virtual machine
that is independent to the virtual machine that's called Virtual Machine.
We cover this auction with fall times about the different kind of colognes different operating system.
For example Windows and Linux machine.
Then we create the config file because when you're on a virtual machine to another one you need to add
our config file for example give it the name of the machine in the operations is them sitting on the
operating system cereal if you want to add on your license to that operation system for example operations
if they use an individual machine.
A have our license for all you on your machine when you clone that operating system you need to add
a new license to do operation system for another virtual machine and so on and so on.
Then we have a manual one that Scarlett linkit on because we have a link relation between the virtual
machine and the original virtual machine that's called first provision.
So the far cloning it's take a lot of time to complete the process when you run our onto our virtual
machine that have 1 gigabytes of data.
It will take time to copy and paste.
That's one gigabyte in another space of to look on or shared.
If you have our machine with one terabytes that will be a big time of Cloonan it will take about four
or five hours to the virtual machine with one bite off the data use it and so on and so on.